docs: add a guide on how to clean up action's logs (close #4935) (#6163)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/core/actions/clean-up-actions-logs.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: clean up actions logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: clean up action logs
```

   :keywords: hasura, docs, actions, clean up, async actions

.. _clean_up_actions_logs:

> Clean up actions logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clean up action logs
```

Author: Not necessary :)

=====================

.. contents:: Table of contents
  :backlinks: none
  :depth: 1
  :local:

Introduction
------------

> Hasura stores actions logs from asynchronous operations. If there are a lot of logs, the tables can get huge and you may want to prune them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hasura stores action logs of asynchronous operations. As the table gets larger, you may want to prune them.
```

You can use any of the following options to prune your logs depending on your need.

> The table involved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table involved
```

------------------

> Actions has a table managed by Hasura:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a specific table for action logs that is managed by Hasura:
```

> - ``hdb_catalog.hdb_action_log``: This is the table that stores all captured logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``hdb_catalog.hdb_action_log``: This table stores all captured action logs.
```

Option 1: Get all logs
----------------------
.. code-block:: SQL
   

>    SELECT * FROM hdb_catalog.hdb_action_log;

Reviewer: For these statements we need some guidance on how to run these. We should introduce tabs also to show console / cli / api workflow? You can check the other actions pages for guidance.

Option 2: Delete one log
------------------------
.. code-block:: SQL
   

>    DELETE FROM hdb_catalog.hdb_action_log WHERE id = '<action-id>';

Reviewer: console / cli / api workflow

> Option 3: Clear all logs

Reviewer: Let's use either `Clear` or `Delete` consistently throughout the page

------------------------
.. admonition:: Warning
 

>    This will clear all captured logs.

Reviewer: This we already say in the title. If the action is irreversible, we can do a note saying "Clearing all logs is irreversible". But before we should check if this is actually the case.

Reviewer: Also, we can add this note after the command

Author: Yes, it is irreversible, so I will change the statement. @marionschleifer

.. code-block:: SQL

>    DELETE FROM hdb_catalog.hdb_action_log;

Reviewer: console / cli / api workflow
